Come and see everyone
The ancient god who can manipulate the Gu family is back
The stock god is back!
I really believe in you.
You can really control the stock price
But not up
It's Dad, it's dropped to a penny a share
Tang Shao has long known that this trash is bragging
Where can the stock price be controlled?
That is.
It's a dream to want the stock price to rise to 100 yuan
Bah, what's the hurry?
I said let him go up
He will definitely go up
Why don't you admit defeat?
My sauce flavor technology has risen to 20 stores
Didn't you say you want his father?
I made 200,000
Why don't you see his father a little bit?
Until the last moment
Who killed the deer is unknown
I don't know who killed the deer
But you fell into my hands
It's already a half-life thing
Fang Yuan, if you don't want it at this time
I wouldn't mind chopping it up for you.
You are poor
The first time there is Sun Dong
The second time, there are two cars to help you.
This time I'll see who else can help
This time, all the shareholders
I'm still being stubborn
When you lose
I'll show you how I play
I can't go
Because my helper has come
Throw it all out
Jiaoxiang Technology buys all key glass.
I also buy all the key glass of Jiaoxiang Technology.
I want too I want too
Don't worry.
I'll come one by one
Doctor, look
Our medicine talisman glass is really starting to grow